Flyspray -  A ten (ok, twelve) step getting-started guide.

Step One:  Unpack the compressed package into a directory where your web
server can reach it.  It will extract into its own flyspray-version/ directory.
If you're reading this, you've probably already done that.

Step Two:  Create a mysql database for Flyspray to use.  Here is one way to do
that, from the unix/linux command line, entering your mysql root password when
prompted:

mysqladmin -u root -p create flyspray

Step Three:  Import the Flyspray database tables into your new empty database.
Here is the unix/linux command line method, be sure to enter your mysql root
password when prompted:

mysql flyspray -u root -p < sql/flyspray-version.mysql

Step Four:  Get a copy of the ADODB database-abstraction software and install it.
http://php.weblogs.com/ADODB

Step Five:  Edit flyspray.conf.php file to suit your database setup.  Examples
are provided in the file.  You will need to set your database type to an ADODB
supported database, your database username and password, and the host
the database server runs on.  You will also need to enter the location of the 
adodb.inc.php file, and the path to the JPGraph directory. Consider changing the
cookiesalt value as well, as this is the key used to encrypt users' cookie
information.

Step Six: Point your browser to http://yourserver/flyspray-version/ and you
should see Flyspray!  Login as 'super', with the password 'super'.

Step Seven: Create youself a new user, place them into the Admin group.

Step Eight:  CHANGE THE PASSWORD FOR THE super/super ACCOUNT by clicking the
'Edit My Details' link near the top of the page.  You might like to disable
the account entirely, or it will appear in the list of members to be assigned
tasks.

Step Nine: Click on the admin links to set up your Options and lists.

Step Ten:  If you wish to be able to upload attachments, you will need to make
the attachments/ directory writeable by the webserver process.  The easiest way
to do this is to make it world writeable.  In unix/linux this is done like this:

chmod a+rwx attachments

Note that this could be a security issue.  You really should learn to make it
only writable by the process running your webserver.

Step Eleven: Close the sample task, and begin adding your own.

Step Twelve:  To report any bugs or request developer support, see the 'Support'
link on the Flyspray website.

